#Extended License by Allan Moreno

***

The Extended License grants you, the Purchaser, a non-exclusive, non-transferrable right to make use of the work you acquire (Work).
Your use of the Work, under the Extended License, is subject to the following conditions:

##Conditions:

1.You may use the Work alone in your personal or commercial work for you or your clients.

2.You may incorporate the Work into a larger work you are creating for you or your clients.

3.You may license, sub-license, sell, resell or re-distribute the Work under the following circumstances:

* The Work is incorporated into a larger work you have created; or
if you use it alone to modify it and Resell it as a re-designed and re-defined end product.

* You may use the Work in a larger work which you are creating for your own purposes or for your client who has asked you to create it.

* When incorporating in a larger work
  * The Work may be offered for sale only inside the larger work,
  * Where technically possible, you must ensure the Work cannot be extracted as a stand-alone item, and
  * The terms of sale prohibit the buyer extracting or re-using the Work as a stand-alone item.

* You may display the Work, and make the Work available for use by an unlimited number of your clients, in conjunction with a web site service that you host on behalf of your clients. When using the Work through a web site service, you may make unlimited copies of the Work but you must procure that your clients do not reproduce or use the Work in another application.

* You must publicly and visibly credit Allan Moreno as the intellectual author of the Work where credits and copyright are appropriate.

* When the Work contains component items, those items must only be used within the Work and you must not extract and use them on a stand-alone basis (that is icons, photos, textures, plugins).